# MyProj
Angular QUESTIONS::::
Difference between imports,declarations, and providers??
components are imported ,a single component can be imported and that components method can be used in the imported file or another component

,modules are declared so when we import module we need to declare it first to be used in the component.

services are provided when we want to use services throughout the application we make that as provided so that it is available throughout for example services are best used when we fetch data as a response from server 


What is the difference between components, directives, models, modules, and services?

components:these are directly associated with template html ,all the basic functionality and methods are written in component 
directives:here the selectors are written in the square brackets and directly used in the template.
modules : a complete package consist of component , html css services directives.
services: these are shared piece of code whose methods are or can be shared among various components.


#about the project
the html of app component solvess the marcopolo problem 

the seven segment parse the characters which are present in asset so it fetches from there and parse it the output can be seen the console .


Two Projects :::
1. Marco Polo Instructions
In the old city of Venice it was important for children to be good at math so they could grow up to be great merchants. One way for the children of Venice to practice their math skills was to play a game called Marco Polo, named after the great explorer from Venice.

The game is simple.
The children sit around in a circle and count the numbers from 1 to 100. However, every time the number that a child is supposed to say is divisible by 4, the child says 'marco' instead of the number. Every time the number is divisible by 7, the child says 'polo' instead of the number. If the number is divisible by both 4 and 7, the child will say 'marcopolo'.

Goal
Your task is to write a small program that will print out all the correct answers for this game from 1 to 100 in a single string, so that children may use a cheat sheet to follow along.

Expected Output
When executed, your function should print a single string of all answers from 1 to 100.

You may use the following output as the expected result for numbers 1 to 30 for your unit test.

1,2,3,marco,5,6,polo,marco,9,10,11,marco,13,polo,15,marco,17,18,19,marco,polo,22,23,marco,25,26,27,marcopolo,29,30



2.We have recently decided to digitise our old invoice archives. Since finding a volunteer for such an arduous task was impossible, an employee was selected at random and instructed to type in all invoice numbers into a text file.

Little did we know that the employee we picked is an aspiring ASCII artist. Instead of handing us a file containing a set of numbers, we ended up with 7-segment display representations of the invoice numbers.

This is where you come in. Write an Angular application that allows the user to upload a text file of Ascii art invoice numbers, and outputs a list with the parsed invoice numbers.

Input:

A text file containing several hundreds of invoice numbers in the following form:

      _  _     _  _  _  _  _  (line 1)
    | _| _||_||_ |_   ||_||_| (line 2)
    ||_  _|  | _||_|  ||_| _| (line 3)
                              (line 4)
      _  _  _  _  _  _     _  (line 5)
  |_||_|| ||_||_   |  |  ||_  (line 6)
    | _||_||_||_|  |  |  | _| (line 7)
                              (line 8)
Invoice number format:

Each invoice number is constructed of 9 digits [0..9]
Invoice number is written using _ and | characters.
Invoice number input takes 4 lines.
The first 3 lines contain 27 characters.
The fourth line is blank.
Note: You can use input_user_story_1.txt to feed your program.

Output:

A text file with the parsed invoice numbers. One number per row.

Example:

  123456789
  490867715
Note: You can use output_user_story_1.txt to test that the output file generated by your program is correct.
